# # BioPAL Agenda - 17th june 2021

**Present**: Francesco, Emanuele, Stefanie, Michele, Alberto, Mauro, Paolo

## Agenda
1. Updates
2. Discussion
4. Other


# Updates
- Documentation and Sphinx (Mauro)
    - How to cross link chapters?
    - Rules on Flow diagrams
- Definition on Forest Disturbance
    - Definition/ Design of Algorithm and Testing
    - Definition of Dataset
    - PR on Tutorial only introduction part needs to be updated
- 

# Discussion
- Documentation and Sphinx (Mauro)
    - How to cross link chapters?
    - Rules on Flow diagrams
- the way forward
    - Packaging and Distribution 
        - pip release and developer installation by end of July
    - Documentation and streamlining source code
        - ongoing
    - Data io API:
        - more dicussion needed, see dedicated GitHub issue
    - Continuous integration and testing:
        - Decision to only merge PR's with core functionality documented and tested



### Proposed action Items:
* [ ] meeting for packaging and installation (Francesco, Emanuele, Stefanie)
* [ ] FH Tutorial date (Romain)
* [ ] Change Analysis Tutorial (Alberto): 01.08.2020
* [ ] GitHub issue collecting ideas for read_data wrapper (Aresys)
* [ ] meeting discussing data wrapper functionality

# Next Meeting: 01.07.2021


**[Link to all meeting notes](https://github.com/BioPAL/community)**