# # BioPAL Agenda - 03.06.2021

**Present**: Francesco, Stefanie, Clement, Emanuele

## Agenda
1. Updates
2. Discussion
4. Other


# Updates
* Welcome Romain
* 4 new users requesting access to data
* creation of issues for minor and major fixes
* testing and continuous integration
* tutorials for other modules
    * more feedback for FD tutorial

# Discussion
* BioPAL Activity
    * refactoring
    * PolINSAR Preparation (website, tutorial)
    * Starting to integrate tests
    * new users
* BTK/ BPS/ BioPAL discussion needed


### Proposed action Items:
- [ ] discussion on meeting shedule

# Next Meeting: 17.06.2021


**[Link to all meeting notes](https://github.com/BioPAL/community)**