# BioPAL Agenda - 16.09.2020 - Break Points & Action Items

**Present**: Clement Albinet, Emanuele Giorgi, Michele Caccia, Maciej Soja,
Paolo Mazzucchelli, Benjamin Lanssens, Stefanie Lumnitz, Francesco Banda

## Agenda
1. Updates
2. Break Points Discussion
4. Other


# Updates
* doodle poll bi-weekly time: Thursday 9:30-10:30 CEST
* logo:
    * more pythonic (?)
    * different font
    * simplify logo
    * horizontal and vertical version
* opening organization date approaching: Mid october
    * [ ] logos, e-mail addresses, website
    * [ ] data access
    * [ ] merger of governance documents
    * [ ] nice readme
* data:
    * provisional solution Lope distributed by Aresys
* Outreach:
    * PolINSAR first
    * MAAP meeting in November

# Break Point Discussion
* [ ] reorganization of the code in folders/ modules to better isolate functionalities
* [ ] adding setup.py
* [ ] move and revisit ReadMe
* [ ] integrate black library in the workflow and harmonize the code following pep8
* [ ] Singularity vs Docker?


### Proposed action Items:
* [x] Data on FTP server (Aresys) - 28.09
* [x] E-mail (ESA) - 28.09
* [ ] Logo (ESA) - TBD
* [ ] Singularity vs. Docker (Stefanie - discuss with MAAP team)
* [x] roadmap of possible modifications - 
    * [x] Roadmap document (Stefanie)
    * [ ] filling of Roadmap document (Maciej & Francesco)


# Next Meeting: 01.10.2020


**[Link to all meeting notes](https://github.com/BioPAL/community)**