# BioPAL AGB Open Source vision meeting (29/07/2020)

## Discussion topics
1. a vision for BioPAL
2. a first roadmap until January and 
3. a first idea about roles and responsibilities for everyone
4. Communication channels and reoccuring meetings

## Goals until January

**Primary**

1. support usage in Jupyter Lab
    - [ ] Identify more atomic "break points" where users could I/O data: i.e. after ground cancelled data
    - [ ] splitting and modularizing API

**Secondary**

2. investigate usage of I/O
    - [ ] review usage of arepytools
    - [ ] review potential usage of xarray
    - [ ] investigare metadata-model of MAAP

3. investigate usage of other datasets
    - idea to create test bed dataset, discussion which dataset would be ideal
    - accessibility of data (?)
        - i.e US datasets -> i.e. wrapper needed
        - majec's datasets
    - I/O of other datasets, i.e. through plant (Marco Lavalle) or Polinsar library


## Proposed Roadmap Action Items

- [ ] Channels of Communication (i.e. Slack, Gitter, MAAP Forums ...): 
    1. Github issues
    2. Dev-Chat: tentative Slack room (ESA)
    3. Forum for users: MAAP
        - check MAAP communication usage
            - Forums/ Wikis
    -> Contributing guidlines
- [ ] Distribution and updates of Input data: keep FTP for now (Aresys: read only user+ password coupled, e-mail)
- [ ] Distribution of Sourcecode via Docker, Pip, Conda (?) (Pip: ESA)
- [ ] CoC, Governance, Contributing Guidlines Drafts: 14.08 (ESA)
- [ ] Logo, e-mail addresses: biopal@esa.int/ 7.08 (ESA)
- [ ] GDPR and legal questions: TBD (ESA)
- [ ] website/ documentation: TBD (ESA: Klaus)



## next meeting: 27.08

* support usage in Jupyter Lab discussion (Aresys)
* small discussion about governance structure documents

* regular meeting every 2nd week: 9:30 - 11:00